Add Approval API docs for PAG (#21325)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/approval-list-steps.md

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-overview.md), lists the [approvalStep](../resources/approvalstep.md) objects associated with an [approval](../resources/approval.md) object.  This call can be made by an approver, providing the identifier of the [access package assignment request](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md).
> 
> In [PIM for groups](../resources/privilegedidentitymanagement-for-groups-api-overview.md), lists the [approvalStep](../resources/approvalstep.md) objects associated with an [approval](../resources/approval.md) object.  This call can be made by an approver, providing the identifier of the [assignment schedule request](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentschedulerequest.md).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the [approvalStep](../resources/approvalstep.md) objects associated with an [approval](../resources/approval.md). This API request is made by an approver in the following scenarios:

- In [entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-overview.md), providing the identifier of the [access package assignment request](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md).
- In [PIM for groups](../resources/privilegedidentitymanagement-for-groups-api-overview.md), providing the identifier of the [assignment schedule request](../resources/privilegedaccessgroupassignmentschedulerequest.md).

```

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

> ### Permissions required for calling this API for entitlement management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### For entitlement management
```

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

> ### Permissions required for calling this API for PIM for groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### For PIM for groups
```

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | PrivilegedAssignmentSchedule.Read.AzureADGroup, PrivilegedAssignmentSchedule.ReadWrite.AzureADGroup |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

> ## HTTP request
> 
> <!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
> 
> ### List approval steps example for entitlement management.
> ```http
> GET /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentApprovals/{id}/steps
> ```
> 
> ### List approval steps example for PIM for groups.
> ```http
> GET /identityGovernance/privilegedAccess/group/assignmentApprovals/{id}/steps
> ```
> 
> ## Request headers
> 
> | Name      |Description|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## HTTP request

To list the approval steps in entitlement management:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentApprovals/{id}/steps
```

To list the approval steps in PIM for groups:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /identityGovernance/privilegedAccess/group/assignmentApprovals/{id}/steps
```

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
```

  "name": "get_approvalstep_1"
}-->

> 
> ### Example 1: List approval steps example for entitlement management.
> ```msgraph-interactive
> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentApprovals/abd306ef-f7b2-4a10-9fd1-493454322489/steps
> ```
> 
> ### Example 2: List approval steps example for PIM for groups.
> ```msgraph-interactive
> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/privilegedAccess/group/assignmentApprovals/abd306ef-f7b2-4a10-9fd1-493454322489/steps
> ```
> 
> # [C#](#tab/csharp)
> [!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-approvalstep-1-csharp-snippets.md)]

Reviewer: 1 request to 1 response. You can keep the existing entitlement management example only or add an example 2 with request: response for PIM for groups.
```suggestion

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentApprovals/abd306ef-f7b2-4a10-9fd1-493454322489/steps
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-approvalstep-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
```
